API review for custom scheme registration (#2288)
MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback: specs/WebResourceRequested-CustomScheme.md

RegisterCustomScheme
===

> # Background

Reviewer: Sounds good

Currently the WebResourceRequested event is not raised for non-http(s) URIs. Spartan WebView has built-in support for ms-appx* URIs and support of providing an IUriToStreamResolver parameter in NavigateToLocalStreamUri. Raising the CoreWebView2.WebResourceRequested for custom scheme URIs would close the functional gap between WebView1 and WebView2 as the app can just provide a WebResourceResponse for a given custom scheme URI.

To be able to provide the ability to raise WebResourceRequested for custom schemes, WebView2 needs to be able to know how to treat such custom scheme URIs. By the W3C standard, custom schemes have opaque origins and do not participate in security policies. However, in order to make web requests with custom schemes useful, some of these URIs would need to act more like HTTP URIs, while keeping security in mind. The following questions arise:

- Are custom scheme URIs considered secure contexts?

> - Which origins should be able to issue requests from these custom schemes to prevent an untrusted origin from reading trusted data from the app?

Reviewer: Yes please fix

> - Which origins should be able to issue requests from these custom schemes to prevent an untrusted origin from reading trusted data from the app?

Reviewer: Answered below

As a result, we introduce a new API to be able to register custom schemes and allow the end developer to answer these questions as a part of registration.

# Conceptual pages (How To)

> WebResourceRequested event can also be raised for custom schemes. For this, the app has to register the custom schemes it would like to be able to issue resource requests for. With each registration, the app will specify whether the URIs with such schemes are considered secure context and it will also need to explicitly specify the origins that are allowed to make requests to these custom scheme URIs to ensure that untrusted origins cannot read trusted data from the app. The registrations are valid throughout the lifetime of the CoreWebView2Environment and browser process and any other CoreWebView2Environments that share the browser process must register exactly same schemes to be able to create a CoreWebView2Environment. The registered custom schemes also participate in [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) and [CSP](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP).

Reviewer 2: Can you better define what "secure" means in this context? Does "secure" mean "equivalent to an HTTPS site"?

Reviewer: Add some text after using term secure context that defines secure context in terms of standard. 

Also, yes basically equivalent to https

> WebResourceRequested event can also be raised for custom schemes. For this, the app has to register the custom schemes it would like to be able to issue resource requests for. With each registration, the app will specify whether the URIs with such schemes are considered secure context and it will also need to explicitly specify the origins that are allowed to make requests to these custom scheme URIs to ensure that untrusted origins cannot read trusted data from the app. The registrations are valid throughout the lifetime of the CoreWebView2Environment and browser process and any other CoreWebView2Environments that share the browser process must register exactly same schemes to be able to create a CoreWebView2Environment. The registered custom schemes also participate in [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) and [CSP](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP).

Reviewer: Existing text is correct.

For each custom scheme the developer wants to register they can:
- Set it to be a secure context scheme to prevent insecure content warnings.
- Provide a list of origins that can make requests to the custom scheme.

# Examples

## CustomSchemeRegistrations

The following code sample registers 2 custom schemes on the CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions:

- Scheme 1 has https://*.example.com in its allowed origins list.
- Scheme 2 has a null allowed origins list.

It adds a WebResourceRequested handler for the requests to the custom schemes, which will serve the requests locally. Then it navigates the WebView2 to https://www.example.com and attempts to use XMLHttpRequest (XHR) with both schemes. Only XHR to scheme 1 will succeed because it's the one that has https://www.example.com in its allowed origin list.

> ``` c#

Reviewer: Please fix.

CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions options = new CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions();
string[] allowedOriginsList = new string[1];
allowedOriginsList[0] = "https://*.example.com";

options.CustomSchemeRegistrations.Add(new CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration("custom-scheme", true /* isSecure */, allowedOriginsList));

> options.CustomSchemeRegistrations.Add(new CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration("custom-scheme-not-in-allowed-origins", true /* isSecure */, null));

Reviewer 2: I would prefer `TreatAsSecure` rather than `IsSecure`. Otherwise it _might_ sound like I'm telling the WebView "yes, I want you to make this thing secure!" which isn't what it means at all.

> options.CustomSchemeRegistrations.Add(new CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration("custom-scheme-not-in-allowed-origins", true /* isSecure */, null));

Reviewer: Sounds good.

Also give IsSecure default value of false and AllowedOrigins empty.
(And use SchemeName rather than Scheme)

> ...

Reviewer 2: I wrote the exact same thing above, then saw your comment LOL and had to delete mine. So +100 from me.

> ...

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> ...

Reviewer: Correct.

Please document

> ...

Reviewer: Also correct.

Also please document

> ...

Reviewer 2: And please make sure there is good diagnostic info for the developer. I assume it will return `E_INVALIDARG` but then you can provide additional error data to say *what* specifically is wrong. You can have it dump to the debugger console.

> ...

Reviewer: @yildirimcagri, in addition to the please document comment above for this API spec, can you please also open a task or bug for investigating ways to improve error info? We did some work specifically around UDF errors but it would be good to look into providing more info for our errors generally.

> ...

Author: I have added debug outputs to help the developer about invalid registrations.

string customScheme = "custom-scheme";
webView.CoreWebView2.AddWebResourceRequestedFilter(

>         customScheme + ":*", All);

Reviewer 2: Hmmm when it is added to the Registrations it doesn't have the colon, but the string literal is used in this sample. Suggest moving this variable UP and using it everywhere.

>         customScheme + ":*", All);

Reviewer: > Does custom-scheme:* match custom-scheme://example-data.json? The first is an unhosted URI, but the second is hosted. 

Yes, * matches across the string not considering the syntax of the URI. See the documentation for the AddwebResourceRquestedFilter method.

> Nit: Why doesn't custom scheme have the colon, even though it seems to always be added.

Yes, ':' is the delimiter not part of the name but is there to delimit from rest of URI, so not there for scheme name in registration but is there in the AddWebResourceRequestedFilter call where we have the entire URI to match.

> Hmmm when it is added to the Registrations it doesn't have the colon, but the string literal is used in this sample. Suggest moving this variable UP and using it everywhere.

Yes, let's please move the customScheme variable up to the top and using that throughout.

webView.CoreWebView2.WebResourceRequested += delegate (
            object sender, CoreWebView2WebResourceRequestedEventArgs e) {
        CoreWebView2WebResourceResponse response;
        CoreWebView2WebResourceRequest request = e.Request;
        String uri = request.uri;

>         if (uri.StartsWith(customScheme + "://"))

Reviewer: > I assume the scheme name is converted to lowercase before being passed to the app? What about the host name?

Yes. 

Please update AddWebResourceRequestedFilter docs to note the casing normalization for hostname and scheme name.
Please ensure WebResourceRequested docs also note casing normalization for hostname and scheme name.

> Also, is the double-slash needed as part of your scheme (do you have an authority component)? Will it be added by the browser?

No, if there's no authority, then the whole URI is the origin. See documentation later (find 'opaque') in doc.

>         if (uri.StartsWith(customScheme + "://"))

Reviewer: Thanks yes. Please remove the //.

        {

>             string assetsFilePath = L"data/";

Reviewer 2: `L"data"` looks like C++, not C#?

Reviewer: Oops. Please fix.

>             assetsFilePath += uri.Substring(customScheme.Length + 3);

Reviewer 3: I assume that `../` are collapsed out as part of resolution. If not, then we have the danger of `custom-scheme://../../windows/system32/sam/passwords` being used to steal passwords.

Reviewer: Please ensure path '..' and '.' segments are resolved as a part of path normalization and document that.

            FileStream fileStream = new FileStream(assetsFilePath, FileMode.Open, FileAccess.Read);

>             if (stream)

Reviewer 3: This is not how you check whether the stream was created. If `new` returns, it always returns an object. The constructor throws an exception if it cannot create the stream. Sample needs to use try/catch.

Reviewer: Please update

            {
              e.Response = webView.CoreWebView2.CreateWebResourceResponse(fileStream, 200, "OK", L"Content-Type: application/json\nAccess-Control-Allow-Origin: *");
            }
            else
            {
                e.Response = webView.CoreWebView2.CreateWebResourceResponse(null, 404, "Not Found", L"");
            }
        }
}

webView.CoreWebView2.Navigate(L"https://www.example.com");

// The following XHR will execute in the context of https://www.example.com page and will succeed.
// WebResourceRequested event will be raised for this request as *.example.com is in the allowed origin list of custom-scheme.
// Since the response header provided in WebResourceRequested handler allows all origins for CORS
// the XHR succeeds.
webView.CoreWebView2.ExecuteScriptAsync("var oReq = new XMLHttpRequest();\
                                        oReq.addEventListener(\"load\", reqListener);\

>                                         oReq.open(\"GET\", \"custom-scheme://example-data.json\");\

Reviewer: Yes this should have no authority - just remove //

                                        oReq.send();");
// The following XHR will fail because *.example.com is in the not allowed origin list of custom-scheme2.
// The WebResourceRequested event will not be raised for this request.
webView.CoreWebView2.ExecuteScriptAsync("var oReq = new XMLHttpRequest();\
                                        oReq.addEventListener(\"load\", reqListener);\
                                        oReq.open(\"GET\", \"custom-scheme-not-in-allowed-origins://example-data.json\");\
                                        oReq.send();");
```

> ``` cpp

Reviewer 2: Note: C++/WinRT is preferred over WRL. The code will look much closer to C# and thus be easier to read.

Reviewer: Result of our sample app requiring WRL::Callback which C++/winrt and WIL do not have a replacement for.

Reviewer 2: Is this something customers have to deal with? Or is it just an "us" problem?

Reviewer: TLDR its a problem for a subset of our customers. WebView2 has a .NET API (most popular by far), WinRT API, and a COM API (the one in this sample). If a WebView2 end dev is using our COM API and using our events or async methods then they need to implement our async method completion delegate interfaces and our event handler delegate interfaces. The WRL Callback feature makes that very easy. Or they can implement the interface manually. C++/winrt and WIL don't provide a substitute for WRL Callback.

Microsoft::WRL::ComPtr<ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3> options3;

> if (options.As(&options3) == S_OK) {

Reviewer: { goes on new line

  std::vector<Microsoft::WRL::ComPtr<ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration>> schemeRegistrations;
  
  const WCHAR* allowedOrigins[1] = {L"https://*.example.com"};

>   schemeRegistrations.push_back(Microsoft::WRL::Make<CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration>(

Reviewer: No this one is weird because the environment options have to come out of the SDK because we need it to find the WebView2 Runtime we'll be using which is where everything else is implemented. So this one thing is in source in the SDK.

>   schemeRegistrations.push_back(Microsoft::WRL::Make<CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration>(

Reviewer: Please ensure this is documented somewhere, and link to it from sample code.

          L"custom-scheme", TRUE /* isSecure*/, 1, allowedOrigins));
  schemeRegistrations.push_back(Microsoft::WRL::Make<CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration>(

>           L"custom-scheme-not-in-allowed-origins-list", TRUE /* isSecure*/, nullptr));

Reviewer: Yes, match the changes to the .NET/WinRT version above where allowed origins and secure are properties.

>   CHECK_FAILURE(options3->SetCustomSchemeRegistrations(schemeRegistrations.size(), schemeRegistrations.data());

Reviewer 3: Is this the standard pattern for collection properties in the C++ variant?

Reviewer: It is now for arrays.

}
...

CHECK_FAILURE(m_webView->AddWebResourceRequestedFilter(
        L"custom-scheme*", COREWEBVIEW2_WEB_RESOURCE_CONTEXT_ALL));
CHECK_FAILURE(m_webView->add_WebResourceRequested(
    Callback<ICoreWebView2WebResourceRequestedEventHandler>(
        [this](
            ICoreWebView2* sender,
            ICoreWebView2WebResourceRequestedEventArgs* args) {
        wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2WebResourceRequest> request;
        wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2WebResourceResponse> response;
        CHECK_FAILURE(args->get_Request(&request));
        wil::unique_cotaskmem_string uri;
        CHECK_FAILURE(request->get_Uri(&uri));

>         if (wcsncmp(uri.get(), L"custom-scheme", ARRAYSIZE(L"custom-scheme")-1) == 0)

Reviewer 3: This sample does not match the C# sample. The C# samples accepts `custom-scheme://*`, but this one accepts `custom-scheme*://*` (and crashes on `custom-scheme:unhosted`).

Reviewer: Please fix:
* C++ is correct for the filter and C# should match
* Please fix C++ to not crash.

        {
            std::wstring assetsFilePath = L"data/";
            assetsFilePath += wcsstr(uri.get(), L"://") + 3;
            wil::com_ptr<IStream> stream;
            SHCreateStreamOnFileEx(
                assetsFilePath.c_str(), STGM_READ, FILE_ATTRIBUTE_NORMAL, FALSE,
                nullptr,
                &stream);
            if (stream)
            {
                CHECK_FAILURE(
                    m_appWindow->GetWebViewEnvironment()->CreateWebResourceResponse(
                        stream.get(), 200, L"OK", L"Content-Type: application/json\nAccess-Control-Allow-Origin: *",
                        &response));
                CHECK_FAILURE(args->put_Response(response.get()));
            }
            else
            {
                CHECK_FAILURE(
                    m_appWindow->GetWebViewEnvironment()->CreateWebResourceResponse(
                        nullptr, 404, L"Not Found", L"", &response));
                CHECK_FAILURE(args->put_Response(response.get()));
            }
            return S_OK;
        }

>         return S_OK;

Reviewer 3: I assume we're returning `S_OK` so that another event handler has a chance to respond.

Reviewer: Return value is ignored. Response property being set or not is how event handlers can decide who is providing the response.

                                       L"oReq.open(\"GET\", \"custom-scheme-not-in-allowed-origins://example-data.json\");"
                                       L"oReq.send();",
                                      Callback<ICoreWebView2ExecuteScriptCompletedHandler>(
                                          [](HRESULT error, PCWSTR result) -> HRESULT { return S_OK; })
                                          .Get()));
```

# API Details

## COM API

```c#
// This is the ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration interface
[uuid(d60ac92c-37a6-4b26-a39e-95cfe59047bb), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration : IUnknown {
  // Represents the registration of a custom scheme with the CoreWebView2Environment.
  // This allows the WebView2 app to be able to handle
  // WebResourceRequested event for requests with the specified scheme and
  // be able to navigate the WebView2 to the custom scheme. Once the environment
  // is created, the registrations are valid and immutable throughout the
  // lifetime of the associated WebView2s' browser process and any WebView2
  // environments sharing the browser process must be created with identical

>   // custom scheme registrations, otherwise the environment creation will fail.

Reviewer 3: See earlier question about what this sentence is actually saying.

Reviewer: This is correct. See above.

  // The URIs of registered custom schemes will be treated similar to http URIs for their origins.
  // They will have tuple origins for URIs with host and opaque origins for
  // URIs without host as specified in [7.5 Origin - HTML Living Standard](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/origin.html)
  // Example:
  // custom-scheme-with-host://hostname/path/to/resource has origin of custom-scheme-with-host://hostname
  // custom-scheme-without-host:path/to/resource has origin of custom-scheme-without-host:path/to/resource
  // For WebResourceRequested event, the cases of request URIs and filter URIs with custom schemes
  // will be normalized according to generic URI syntax rules. Any non-ASCII characters will be preserved.
  // The registered custom schemes also participate in [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) and adheres to [CSP](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP). The app needs to set the appropriate access headers in its WebResourceRequested event handler to allow CORS requests.

  // The name of the custom scheme to register.
  [propget] HRESULT SchemeName([out, retval] LPCWSTR* schemeName);

>   [propput] HRESULT SchemeName([in] LPCWSTR value);

Reviewer 3: I don't think this needs to be settable, since it's already set in the constructor.

Reviewer: Yes. See also above comments. Just a getter is good.

  // Whether the scheme will be treated as a [Secure Context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Secure_Contexts) like https.
  [propget] HRESULT IsSecure([out, retval] BOOL* isSecure);
  // Set if the scheme will be treated as a Secure Context.
  [propput] HRESULT IsSecure([in] BOOL value);

  // Array of origins that are allowed to issue requests with the custom scheme.

>   // Except origins with this same custom scheme, which are always allowed,

Reviewer 3: Interesting loophole. I assume this is a pre-existing rule?

Reviewer: 'which are always allowed' is misleading. Its always allowed for the AllowedOrigins check not any other checks the web platform is doing.

Please update docs.

  // the origin of any request (requests that have the 
  // [Origin header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Origin)) to the custom scheme URL
  // needs to be in this list. No-origin requests are requests that do not have an Origin header,
  // such as link navigations, embedded images and are always allowed.
  // Note that cross-origin restrictions still apply. 
  // If the list is empty, no cross-origin request to this scheme is allowed.
  // Origins are specified as a string in the format of scheme://host:port.
  // The origins are string pattern matched with `*` (matches 0 or more characters)
  // and `?` (matches 0 or 1 character) wildcards just like the URI matching in the
  // [AddWebResourceRequestedFilter API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.addwebresourcerequestedfilter).
  // For example, "http://*.example.com:80".

>   // The array of strings and the array here must be deallocated with CoTaskMemFree.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  // The returned strings and the array itself must be deallocated with CoTaskMemFree.
```

Reviewer: Yes, please update

  HRESULT GetAllowedOrigins([out] UINT32* allowedOriginsCount, [out] LPCWSTR** allowedOrigins);
  // Set the array of origins that are allowed to use the scheme.
  HRESULT SetAllowedOrigins([in] UINT32 allowedOriginsCount, [in] LPCWSTR* allowedOrigins);
}

// This is the ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3 interface
[uuid(ac52d13f-0d38-475a-9dca-876580d6793e), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3 : IUnknown {

>   /// Array of custom scheme registrations. The array must be deallocated with CoTaskMemFre.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  /// Array of custom scheme registrations. The returned ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration pointers must be released, and the array itself must be deallocated with CoTaskMemFree.
```

Reviewer: Yes, please update.

  HRESULT GetCustomSchemeRegistrations(
      [out] UINT32* count,
      [out] ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration*** schemeRegistrations);
  /// Set the array of custom scheme registrations to be used.
  HRESULT SetCustomSchemeRegistrations(
      [in] UINT32 count,
      [in] const ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration** schemeRegistrations);
}
```

> ## .NET API

Reviewer 2: This is a WinRT API, not a .NET API.

Reviewer: Yes please update.

```c#
namespace Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core
{
    // Represents the registration of a custom scheme with the CoreWebView2Environment.
    // This allows the WebView2 app to be able to handle
    // WebResourceRequested event for requests with the specified scheme and
    // be able to navigate the WebView2 to the custom scheme. Once the environment
    // is created, the registrations are valid and immutable throughout the
    // lifetime of the associated WebView2s' browser process and any WebView2
    // environments sharing the browser process must be created with identical
    // custom scheme registrations, otherwise the environment creation will fail.

>     // Any further attempts to register the same scheme will fail.

Reviewer 4: "Fail" means "constructor will Throw an Exception", correct?  Are we considering constructor of an existing scheme user-error?

Author: Actually failure occurs when creating the environment with duplicate scheme name. Documented.

    // The URIs of registered custom schemes will be treated similar to http URIs for their origins.
    // They will have tuple origins for URIs with host and opaque origins for
    // URIs without host as specified in [7.5 Origin - HTML Living Standard](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/origin.html)
    // Example:
    // `custom-scheme-with-host://hostname/path/to/resource` has origin of `custom-scheme-with-host://hostname`
    // `custom-scheme-without-host:path/to/resource` has origin of `custom-scheme-without-host:path/to/resource`
    // For WebResourceRequested event, the cases of request URIs and filter URIs with custom schemes
    // will be normalized according to generic URI syntax rules. Any non-ASCII characters will be preserved.
    // The registered custom schemes also participate in [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) and adheres to [CSP](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP). The app needs to set the appropriate access headers in its WebResourceRequested event handler to allow CORS requests.
    runtimeclass CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration
    {
        // Constructor

>         CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration(string schemeName, bool isSecure, IList<String> allowedOrigins);

Reviewer 3: `String`, `Boolean`, and `IIterable<String>`.

Reviewer: Please update.

>         CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration(string schemeName, bool isSecure, IList<String> allowedOrigins);

Reviewer: See above.

        // The name of the custom scheme to register.

>         string SchemeName { get; set; };

Reviewer 2: It's a bit strange (but not necessarily "bad") to require these things in the .ctor and then also have them be settable. 

For example, the current API invites re-use of objects; is that allowed? E.G.

```C#
var r = new Reg("foo", true, {});
regs.Add(r);
r.SchemeName = "bar";
regs.Add(r);
r.SchemeName = "baz";
regs.Add(r);
```

Reviewer: Fixed see above.

> 

Reviewer: Please update code sample to demonstrate the CreateEnvironment call using the new objects.

        bool IsSecure { get; set; };

        // List of origins that are allowed to issue requests with the custom scheme.
        // Except origins with this same custom scheme, which are always allowed,
        // the origin of any request (requests that have the 
        // [Origin header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Origin)) to the custom scheme URL
        // needs to be in this list. No-origin requests are requests that do not have an Origin header,
        // such as link navigations, embedded images and are always allowed.
        // Note that cross-origin restrictions still apply. 
        // If the list is empty, no cross-origin request to this scheme is allowed.
        // Origins are specified as a string in the format of scheme://host:port.
        // The origins are string pattern matched with `*` (matches 0 or more characters)
        // and `?` (matches 0 or 1 character) wildcards
        // just like the URI matching in the [AddWebResourceRequestedFilter API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.addwebresourcerequestedfilter).
        // For example, "http://*.example.com:80".

>         IList<String> AllowedOrigins { get; };

Reviewer 3: `IVector<String>`

Reviewer: 👍 Please update

    }

    runtimeclass CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions
    {
        /// The registrations of custom schemes.
        [interface_name("Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core.ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3")]
        {
            // List of custom scheme registrations.

>             IList<CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration> CustomSchemeRegistrations { get; };

Reviewer 3: `IVector<CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration>`

Reviewer: 👍 Please update

// raised for this request.
webView.CoreWebView2.ExecuteScriptAsync(
  "var oReq = new XMLHttpRequest();\
  oReq.addEventListener(\"load\", reqListener);\
  oReq.open(\"GET\", \"custom-scheme-not-in-allowed-origins:example-data.json\");\
  oReq.send();");
```

``` cpp
#include <WebView2EnvironmentOptions.h> // CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration is implemented here

...

Microsoft::WRL::ComPtr<ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3> options3;
if (options.As(&options3) == S_OK) {
  std::vector<Microsoft::WRL::ComPtr<ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration>> schemeRegistrations;

  const WCHAR* allowedOrigins[1] = {L"https://*.example.com"};
  schemeRegistrations.push_back(
    Microsoft::WRL::Make<CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration>(
          L"custom-scheme",
          TRUE /* treatAsSecure*/,
          1,
          allowedOrigins));
  schemeRegistrations.push_back(
    Microsoft::WRL::Make<CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration>(
          L"custom-scheme-not-in-allowed-origins-list",
          TRUE /* treatAsSecure*/,
          nullptr));
  CHECK_FAILURE(options3->SetCustomSchemeRegistrations(
    schemeRegistrations.size(), schemeRegistrations.data());
}

> ...

Reviewer 4: Is this ellipsis still covering the point in code where the Environment gets created?  We should show that since it's where conflicting/invalid vectors of registration will be detected and cause failure.

  // For WebResourceRequested event, the cases of request URIs and filter URIs
  // with custom schemes will be normalized according to generic URI syntax
  // rules. Any non-ASCII characters will be preserved.
  // The registered custom schemes also participate in
  // [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) and adheres
  // to [CSP](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP). The app
  // needs to set the appropriate access headers in its WebResourceRequested
  // event handler to allow CORS requests.

  // The name of the custom scheme to register.
  [propget] HRESULT SchemeName([out, retval] LPCWSTR* schemeName);
  [propput] HRESULT SchemeName([in] LPCWSTR value);

  // Whether the sites with this scheme will be treated as a
  // [Secure Context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Secure_Contexts)
  // like a HTTPS site.
  [propget] HRESULT TreatAsSecure([out, retval] BOOL* treatAsSecure);
  // Set if the scheme will be treated as a Secure Context.
  [propput] HRESULT TreatAsSecure([in] BOOL value);

  // Array of origins that are allowed to issue requests with the custom scheme.

>   // Except origins with this same custom scheme the origin of any request (requests that have the

Reviewer 4: Should this exactly match the documentation of "AllowedOrigins { get; }" below?  (is currently missing "which are always allowed" note about same custom scheme.  Likely a copy/paste error)
